I'm not gonna actually go through the
presentation because if we record it you
can see it later this afternoon I just
wanted to kind of click through to the
part that was based on some
conversations that we have during this
live week so the main part is kind of
breaking down these kind of use cases of
areas that we think I keep as if it
helped a lot in the offline world and
flushing them out a little bit the three
that we kind of solidified on where the
school / enterprise world where you have
the school session have ice roads we
have many people who are making the same
sorts of requests for the same type of
content do highly duplicate network
traffic you also are mostly
collaborating first with the people
around you and only second trying to
sync to the rest of the network or try
to send the async messages to people
elsewhere so you really want local first
communication instead of local after
it's synced very far away and then come
back and so we're you have you know very
small data pipes in these areas so you
have much higher device penetration than
used to in the past and so these are
things like all of these wonderful
magical school apps that exists that are
very rich and very wonderful however
they're taking really long really long
time to low it's frustrating another use
case was kind of this peer-to-peer file
transfer this is really popular in rural
areas places with really slow low
bandwidth or slow internet connection or
intermittent access and this is a lot of
great I'm going to share an individual
file to the person next to me think like
trying to pass a a photo that you've
just taken to someone next to you we
tend to text it to them which goes very
far away and then eventually gets back
to them or where they go out email wait
how can I transfer it's a it's an
unsolved problem especially in places
where you have expensive data
connections so there's a couple of apps
that already exist starting to try and
help with this but
purpose build different apps to solve
which should be a little easy problem
and then finally this kind of local
social community people where there's
high density of people they're all
interested in some sort of locally
relevant things maybe it's different
topics but you care about the people
around you you have have similar
characteristics and frequently right now
this will just completely overload the
networks that we have where you're
trying to access the same content go
over the same types and yet aren't able
to function as a unit to work together
and so this is things like walking paths
mesh networks wanted to have kind of
local this neighborly project that
Google created firechat was another
thing that kind of came up to try and do
local communications during protests
like this one in Hong Kong next door
which is a little app so that's kind of
some of the stuff that's been happening
skip to the part where where I talk
about kind of the cool I can't best
stuff and so some of the stuff that we
could do and I think us in particular
for these different cases are for the
school enterprise users we could just do
you do content great you've already
fetched this once into the network let's
do local where I hang was trying to
figure out which of your peers could
serve that content to you instead of
going back out and requesting it again
you can also sync edits locally first
where we could broadcast out the edits
we're doing to the people who are
interested in a topic instead of having
to have you know some external provider
intermediate back and then we could pre
cache content on our local network that
was really interesting to people and
have people look it up locally first
before say going to the external network
if they wanted to find like a fresher
version or something like that for
peer-to-peer file transfers this you
know just making it work peer to peer
would be really cool point-to-point
would also be really really interesting
where we could use the connections we
have through our network to kind of
relay content from individual to the
police that are
they're trying to transfer stuff also
opportunistic content distribution this
is kind of pub/sub --is-- subscribing to
a topic that you're interested in and as
you pass through a network picking up
well of an interesting content that it
relates to that topic and you know
providing relevant content to people who
are looking for it and then also this
creates potentials for an incentive
marketer on data careers where you're
bringing the content on a certain topic
to people who are looking for it and
actually kind of hopping this gap in the
network in order to to bring them the
content that they're looking for and
finally the local social this is you
know trying to have resilient
connections when the network's
overloaded also really interesting for
the global gaming are highly responsive
connections and this could be things
like you know when our computers are
literally networked with each other
they're gonna have a faster connection
than if we ship all of the data out over
our single Wi-Fi connection and then
sync it all back so yeah we're gonna
talk a little bit or doing next which is
starting up more of a discussion around
this inside might be of us doing some
research to understand really more
clearly what the problems are and then
connecting with others and talk about a
little bit what the challenges are
there's a number that we would have to
work on a good bit in order to really
make these you know super smooth and
delightful and perfect and we're really
excited to start pushing up some of that
stuff definitely there's some work
around mobile to improve a decrease our
ramming battery and storage requirements
to improve our performance to is to do
this kind of peer discovery and the
pub/sub channels to be able to subscribe
to this stuff and then just really the
big thing here on top of that and that's
kind of our request to our network and
our partners is look building stuff on
top of this that is super smooth and
easy to adopt and really fits those a
set of expectations it's definitely not
a solved problem to figure out how to
build applications for the offline world
that are delightful and easy and
intuitive
these new Internet users and so that's
kind of we need to build the underlying
technology that really supports it well
we're pretty far already but there's
some additional gaps that we need to
fill and then working with others to
build these delightful purpose-built
apps on top yeah and you can get both